Risk - Yura Mamyrin (yura@yura.net)

TODO:

    add a ranking for the registered players to maintain the competition flavour in the game.
    if switching quickly between views in the MapStore, a thumb for a Category is the same as one of the maps, so it tries to download both, and save both to cache at the same time, causing a "[yura.net Cache] already has file" error
    in online play when the defender is not online, it should roll there dice anyway if they have auto-defend
    show continents army values in help window
    Add Bluetooth videogame mode, where more then 1 phone can play against online people without internet who are only in Bluetooth range
    add option to stop annihalation while it is in progress
    in Desktop Domination online play should make a sound and flash the window if the window is not focused
    add a notify sound for when its the player's turn?
    Italian mode change "Also, if the player can have the combination of cards that correspond to territories' he actually employed, receives two armed more for each card. "
    MapStore search should search local files too!
    after you played a game -> when you start a new one, the adjustments will go lost (map, game type, cards type) It would be nice to keep the personal preferences
    make everything that should be translated be translated - email translators
    add Music - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Planets#Media
    add the new AI to the game from the masters project
    make a map file a zip of jar file that holds all the map images and stuff
    the undo button should be disabled at the start of the players go i.e. when there is nothing to undo..?
    option to have the just-defeated country the default attacker for the next attack.
    option to Attack untill "n" armies left / untill you only have "n" more armies than the defender;
    add gpl info to all the java files

Desktop:

    find someone with a Apple Mac OS AppStore account to publish the game
    for fixed cards mode, the dialog does not show how many armies you will get when you select the cards yo trade
    in statistics add a number of cards graph, so you can see the number of other peoples cards for FlashGUI and SwingGUI
    [Donate] button on main menu needs to say something else [vote/donate for next feature]
    (Flash GUI) Although the position of the game board seems to be saved, it's size is not. Nor is the position of new game, choose game [& size] (which is inevitably too small), stats, cards, battle (select attacking dice), disposition (move armies to captured country).
    make it say u can trade 3 different cards
    MapEditor - when you zoom with the mouse wheel, it should center the map on where the mouse it
    redo graph to use doubles instead of ints for scale
    should let u stop a game if it is in replay mode
    put in a pause finction, maybe when FlashGUI menu is open
    ADD replay to FlashGUI, MAYBE
    After a game is over over, I always wanted to see a time lapsed replay of the game... like a .gif made from still shots after each move so you could see how the game progressed.
    MapEditor - beside a circle brush - it would be nice to have the alternative to draw lines also, because is easier then to follow borders. or draw shape?!
    Checkbox to disable popup-window if others dices are rolling / Checkbox to enable a popup-window if its your turn
    Show Error to user for: in any GUI when u save with the file name "con" it does not save, if text file is being saved, then in prints to the console - This is a resurved file name in windows, so u can not save a file
    make the highlight fade in and out
    3D circles on map

Desktop Lobby:

    the SwingGUI and FlashGUI do not have a resign button for online games (maybe could replace the save button, as there is no need to save in lobby mode)
    Lobby GameSetup make the spinners force correct entry by 1 going down when another goes up
    on Mac OS in the lobby GameSetup screen timeout wrapps onto second line, sometimes??

Desktop P2P:

    after everyone has left server after a game, u should be able to rejoin the same server
    when people select a capital in network game other ppl can see when they select it in the console
    should be able to join a game at any stage and it should be fast

Android:

    crash when About or Stat Activity is open and 'Dont Keep Activities' and 'No Backgtound processes' are selected, and we go from Domination to another activity and back
    add option to change the language of the game
    new icon?
    fullscreen mode (including hiding the top action bar, the status bar and for nexus phones the navbar)
    load big maps without OutOfMemErrors - http://developer.android.com/training/displaying-bitmaps/load-bitmap.html
    ability to select number of armies to place on android (1 or 5 or 10 or 25 ...) or long press gives slider for number of troops to place
    When bulding with ant, to extra jars for grasshopper are not included
    on ldpi "Start Game" button still not visable
    add "custom player" button and dialog to GameSetup screen
    at least have a way of the player to set there own color
    some way to del saved games when they are not needed any more

Android Donate to Feature:

    add pay for feature screen to domination
    [Donate] button on main menu needs to say something else [vote/donate for next feature]

BlackBerry:

    the BB build is a debug build, it should be a release build
    i still dont have push token, and even though i've filled in the form many time online, they still do not send it to me

Website/General:

    add pay for feature to website
    bitcoin, where are they???

New Game Option Ideas:

    badges and reward system - for every number of wins you move up from rookie to general and 5 star general etc
    15 army limit per country
    unlimited reinforce moves
    defender can retreat to an adjacent country
    In army displacement phase after the battle phase, you can shift your troups how you want. But you con only shift troups between countries wich have a connection. Either they lies direct side by side or the countries have a contact over own land.
    option: If a new round starts each player who holds his own capital get's 1 or x additional armie(s) -> (fix placed at the capital) If you hold a capital of another player you get additional armies too -> (fix placed at the capital)
    Connected Empire Bonus Each player receives a extra bonus of armies equal to largest connected empire divided by 3.
    a limit to reinforcements for each territory Max reinforcement armies for each territory, every round, is equal to 2 plus 1 for each friend neighbour state a player has. Example: if I have South Africa, Madagascar and Congo (isolated by enemy territories) I can put max 4 (2+2) reinforcement armies in South Africa, 3 (2+1) in Congo and 3 (2+1) in Madagascar.
    In the same round, from every territory I can attack only one single enemy territory. I can't continue to attack from the territory just conquered. I can attack from others territories of mine. Example: from the Ural I attack and conquer Siberia, but from here I can't continue to attack China or others territories (i.e. Yakutsk). Obviously I can attack China from others territories of mine (i.e. from Mongolia).
    If a opponent has lost his last country, the attacker don't get the cards from the defeded player. The released cards will be removed from the game
    After winning a battle you can shift only three armies into the conquered land. In this way you can attack the next land with only two armies. This decrease the distributionvelocity.
    [checkbox] only make 3 attacks per turn
    Same time Risk - inovation (maybe)
    anytime card trading - a player can trade cards if the player still has armies to place at the start of the turn.
    If the task, you have to fulfill, is coincidentally solved by another player, then you had luck and nevertheless won

    -distribute extra units option - not really needed, but other risk has it
    Naeem - in 2 player mode let the player put 2 armies down at a time
    -let the first player not be random
    -let the number of troops for a cards trade not increase or be fixed or be none
    -let u NOT get the captured cards
    -do not limmmit supply lines/no supply lines
    -support missions were u need to conquer and hold countries
    -optimise defending dice by not throwing many if the attacker has all 6
    -wait untill next go to win mission risk
    put in some sort of campagn system where u get through diferent maps with diferent set up problems that get harder and harder.
    nutral player gets reinforcments
    a option that will restrict you from rolling 2 dice if you have only 2 armies in that country (you must have 3 or more to roll 2 when defending)
    i saw that in some risk rules you get reinforcements as seen on your card (e.g. for 3 artillery you get 3 artillery units)

    Easter egg - cheat for good dice
    Easter egg - when u select sertain names - things happen
    Easter egg - funny cards - NO TRADE CARD

Command Line:

    add command line options like "Domination.jar -server"
    the console prompt is not getting the text for it from the translation file
    should let you use country names in the console
    make it not case sensitive in the console
    Add Stats to the text console
    add a 'history' command like in unix
    somehow show trade cap and when u MUST trade - "New player selected: ELMEEEEEEEEER3. You have +number_of_cards+ cards, you must trade until you possess under 5 cards"
    Rolled dice... 1 armies defeated, 1 armies lost. 13 armies remain on +defendercountry 23 armies available +attackercountry+ for attack

Help:

    Help needs to be Finished
    update help files with the crads fixed thingy
    Add network commands to help in commands section and add "info" command
    Help should use css

Known Bugs:

    SWING GTK BUG - move armies to captured country bar is too high in gtk
    SWING GTK BUG - in linux in gtk cards box text is abit off
    SWING GTK BUG - in linux in gtk the text boxes and scroll boxes are white instead of gray
    SWING GTK BUG - in-game text boxes dont work with gtk theme

    SWING GUI BUG - when moving lots and lots of armies the slidebar numbers overlap
    SWING GUI BUG - for cards that have countries with very long names they go off the card and are unclear
    SWING GUI BUG - make the move dialog not a dialog, and the move text boxes not what they are now, in SwingGUI

    FLASH GUI BUG - one of the countries in the uk map has a very very long name, overlaps in the card (not quite sure what to do about it); maybe put "..." after the first few words
    FLASH GUI BUG - Fonts in Linux are way too big in some windows
    FLASH GUI BUG - Windows sometimes open in the background (dont come forward after opening)
    FLASH GUI BUG - when a name is too long it pushes the text of the screen

    COMMAND LINE BUG - startserver print out is a bit odd, and other print outs during network game
    COMMAND LINE BUG - noInput does nothing

